TODO:
- Draw from bottom
- save and upload buttons
- tarot card redesign

22 major tarot

undo/redo buttons
save/upload configurations

4 sections
fate deck: invisible, but can be made visible to search through it
can draw from bottom or top, can return from bottom or top
discard pile: visible
spread: visible
aside: visible, for ready for anything and the like

resonant and dissonant

allow people to freely move cards into discard or back to deck

moves with unique effects on deck

Scrap: When you throw yourself into the heart of a conflict and strive for victory
through force, you are Scrapping. Draw with POW and play 1 card. If you play a
negative or neutral card, advance your Damage Track and discard the top card
from the Fate Deck.

Reveal Your Master Plan: When you enact, or reveal that you've already
enacted, a clever plan to nullify a threat or put yourself at an advantage, you are
Revealing Your Master Plan. Draw GEN from the bottom of the deck.

vanguard dissonant: When you play your dissonant card, apply the following Forecast: “Your brash actions
cost you or your teammates something valuable.” You may not Break on Through
anything else as long as your dissonant card remains in the discard pile.

infiltrator resonant: When you play your resonant card, apply the following Forecast: “You slip into position
to take the perfect shot.” Choose a card that’s still in the Fate Deck and place it in the
discard pile. Shuffle the Fate Deck afterward.

Dead Drop: When you Push Yourself, you may choose one card from your original
spread to discard instead of sending to the bottom of the Fate Deck.

Ambush: When you make a Move to attack an enemy from hiding, you may choose a
card from the discard pile to play instead of drawing from the Fate Deck.

Smooth Criminal (Requires Smooth Operator): You can put together a disguise of your
choosing out of any available materials you have. Draw GLAM to determine the quality
of your disguise. Choose a card already in the discard pile and set it aside. As long as
you maintain your disguise, you may play and discard this card instead of drawing for
an action. Discard this card if your disguise becomes compromised or you remove it.

Navigator resonant: When you play your resonant card, apply the following Forecast: “For an instant, you
understand everything, and know exactly what to do next.” Pick a Positive card out of
the deck or discard pile and add it to your Ready for Anything spread.

Navigator resonant: When you play your dissonant card, apply the following Forecast: “You’re too certain
that you’re right, and you miss something important as a result.” Discard half of the
Ready for Anything cards you have set aside (rounded up).

Ready for Anything: At the beginning of Uptime, draw GEN and set all cards in your
spread aside. At any point during this Uptime, you can play one of these cards instead
of drawing. Discard any remaining cards you have once you return to Downtime.

Read the Stars: Once per session, when you make a Move, you may choose to return
all unplayed cards in your spread to the top of the Fate Deck, instead of sending them
to the bottom.

Conductor Dissonant: When you play your dissonant card, apply the following Forecast: “Life is a stage, and
you’ve forgotten all your lines.” For as long as your dissonant card is in the discard
pile, any time you Dazzle someone, do not draw; instead, the GM will act as though you
played The Moon.

Power Cycle: Once per session, you may shuffle the discard pile into the Fate Deck,
then discard the same number of cards from the top of the deck (this ticks the Phantom
Clock if it is at 6 PM or higher).

Once per session, you may draw from the bottom of the Fate
Deck instead of the top when making a Move (or from the top, if you’re Revealing Your
Master Plan).

Rampage: Once per session, when you play a negative or neutral card while Scrapping,
you may discard the top 5 cards of the Fate Deck instead of just the top card.

Deal From the Bottom: Once per session, when you make a Move, you can look at the
bottom card of the Fate Deck, and draw from either the bottom or the top of the deck.